Hi Zyad, Great. You are confirmed for session 12 and I have sent the Calendar invite. Let me re-send the email for the university application sessions to you. Best, Amanda From: Zyad Hamed Sent: Tuesday, August 6, 2024 11:18 PM To: Amanda Mitchell Subject: Re: Regarding my job opportunity and session selection. External Sender Thanks a lot for the reply! I have not received the form yet, so could you please send it for me again? In addition, yes, I am available for the session you mentioned. Could you please send me the invitation link? Thanks a lot for keeping me in mind! On Tue, Aug 6, 2024 at 11:52 AM Amanda Mitchell > wrote: Hi Zyad, We will have some sessions through October. I just sent the form out about them 😊 After that, I’m not sure. It relates to other considerations. I will keep you in mind. Are you able to add this session? [Session 12: Saturday August 10 at 9:30am New York, 2:30pm London, 3:30pm Central Africa Time, 4:30pm Cairo, 4:30pm Istanbul, 6:30pm Almaty, 7pm New Delhi, 9:30pm Beijing] Thanks 😊 Amanda From: Zyad Hamed > Sent: Saturday, August 3, 2024 10:50 PM To: Amanda Mitchell > Subject: Regarding my job opportunity and session selection. External Sender Hope this email finds you well! I'm writing this to inform you that I'm really happy with working with Pioneer. It has been a delightful experience for me and I appreciate it a lot. That said, I noticed that I have some good free time this week and the next, so I'm available for any session I have marked previously as cannot attend, so please don't hesitate to inform me if any session is understaffed, I will be very happy to join! In addition, I wanted to ask about further job opportunities after August. Could you please allow me to continue working for the next events too? It has been a delightful job for me and I would love to continue working with you. Thanks a lot in advance! Hi Zyad, Great. You are confirmed for session 12 and I have sent the Calendar invite. Let me re-send the email for the university application sessions to you. Best, Amanda From: Zyad Hamed <zyadhamedashour@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, August 6, 2024 11:18 PM To: Amanda Mitchell <amanda.mitchell@pioneeracademics.com> Subject: Re: Regarding my job opportunity and session selection. External Sender Thanks a lot for the reply! I have not received the form yet, so could you please send it for me again? In addition, yes, I am available for the session you mentioned. Could you please send me the invitation link? Thanks a lot for keeping me in mind! On Tue, Aug 6, 2024 at 11:52 AM Amanda Mitchell <amanda.mitchell@pioneeracademics.com> wrote: Hi Zyad, We will have some sessions through October. I just sent the form out about them 😊 After that, I’m not sure. It relates to other considerations. I will keep you in mind. Are you able to add this session? [Session 12: Saturday August 10 at 9:30am New York, 2:30pm London, 3:30pm Central Africa Time, 4:30pm Cairo, 4:30pm Istanbul, 6:30pm Almaty, 7pm New Delhi, 9:30pm Beijing] Thanks 😊 Amanda From: Zyad Hamed <zyadhamedashour@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, August 3, 2024 10:50 PM To: Amanda Mitchell <amanda.mitchell@pioneeracademics.com> Subject: Regarding my job opportunity and session selection. External Sender Hope this email finds you well! I'm writing this to inform you that I'm really happy with working with Pioneer. It has been a delightful experience for me and I appreciate it a lot. That said, I noticed that I have some good free time this week and the next, so I'm available for any session I have marked previously as cannot attend, so please don't hesitate to inform me if any session is understaffed, I will be very happy to join! In addition, I wanted to ask about further job opportunities after August. Could you please allow me to continue working for the next events too? It has been a delightful job for me and I would love to continue working with you. Thanks a lot in advance!